README.md, before:

[![Kitsu](https://www.cg-wire.com/en/images/kitsu.png)](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com)

# Kitsu, CG Production Manager

Kitsu is a web tool to improve validation tracking in CG productions. By
offering a clean UI and shared database, efficient communication with
shareholders of production, such as CG artists, 
production managers, TDs, supervisors, and clients is enabled.

[![Build
badge](https://travis-ci.org/cgwire/kitsu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cgwire/kitsu)

[![Gitter badge](https://badges.gitter.im/cgwire/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/cgwire/Lobby)

## Documentation 

For further information about features and installation, please refer to the
[documentation website](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com/).

## Contributing

All contributions are welcomed as long as they respect the [C4
contract](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:42/C4).

The Kitsu code is written with Javascript (ES6) and is based on the 
[VueJS](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/) framework extended with 
the [Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org) plugin.

To install the development environment, follow [the dedicated guide](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com/chapter-2/).


## Sponsors

[![Les Fées Spéciales](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-les-fees-speciales.png)](http://les-fees-speciales.coop/)
[![Cube](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-cube.png)](https://www.cube-creative.com)
[![TNZPV](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-tnzpv.png)](https://nousvoir.com/en/home/)
[![Karlab](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-karlab.png)](https://www.karlab.fr)

## About authors

Kitsu is written by CG Wire, a company based in France. We help small to
mid-sized CG studios manage their productions and build pipelines efficiently.

We apply software craftsmanship principles as much as possible. We love coding
and consider strong qualities and good developer experience to matter a lot.
Our extensive experience allows studios to get better at producing software and
focus more on the artistic work.

Visit [cg-wire.com](https://cg-wire.com) for more information.

[![CGWire Logo](https://zou.cg-wire.com/cgwire.png)](https://cg-wire.com)

Commit message:

Add lee film to sponsor list

README.md, after:

[![Kitsu](https://www.cg-wire.com/en/images/kitsu.png)](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com)

# Kitsu, CG Production Manager

Kitsu is a web tool to improve validation tracking in CG productions. By
offering a clean UI and shared database, efficient communication with
shareholders of production, such as CG artists, 
production managers, TDs, supervisors, and clients is enabled.

[![Build
badge](https://travis-ci.org/cgwire/kitsu.svg?branch=master)](https://travis-ci.org/cgwire/kitsu)

[![Gitter badge](https://badges.gitter.im/cgwire/Lobby.png)](https://gitter.im/cgwire/Lobby)

## Documentation 

For further information about features and installation, please refer to the
[documentation website](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com/).

## Contributing

All contributions are welcomed as long as they respect the [C4
contract](https://rfc.zeromq.org/spec:42/C4).

The Kitsu code is written with Javascript (ES6) and is based on the 
[VueJS](https://vuejs.org/v2/guide/) framework extended with 
the [Vuex](https://vuex.vuejs.org) plugin.

To install the development environment, follow [the dedicated guide](https://kitsu.cg-wire.com/chapter-2/).


## Sponsors

[![Les Fées Spéciales](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-les-fees-speciales.png)](http://les-fees-speciales.coop/)
[![Cube](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-cube.png)](https://www.cube-creative.com)
[![TNZPV](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-tnzpv.png)](https://nousvoir.com/en/home/)
[![Karlab](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-karlab.png)](https://www.karlab.fr)
[![Lee Film](https://www.cg-wire.com/images/logo-lee.png)](https://leefilm.se/)

## About authors

Kitsu is written by CG Wire, a company based in France. We help small to
mid-sized CG studios manage their productions and build pipelines efficiently.

We apply software craftsmanship principles as much as possible. We love coding
and consider strong qualities and good developer experience to matter a lot.
Our extensive experience allows studios to get better at managing production
and doing software. They can focus more on the artistic work.

ocus more on the artistic work.

Visit [cg-wire.com](https://cg-wire.com) for more information.

[![CGWire Logo](https://zou.cg-wire.com/cgwire.png)](https://cg-wire.com)
